Big shot.
There is also such stupidity
Confused expression
What are you laughing at?
This is trying to use a beauty trick on me
What other mental damage?
It's Polets
Isn't he going to piss me off?
Sent by my gang
It's a thief lurking across the sea
I didn't laugh
I got the word you from a book
Come on. Let's go home and cook.
You take the fish
Boss, what's going on?
Suddenly so scary
How useless
Always let me touch your little special
A day of confidence
Oops, it smells so good.
Come and taste my craft
Sure enough, it is Genzheng Miaohong's boss.
Well-educated at a glance
Why are you looking at me?
You won't eat?
I'll be full after eating one.
I'll give you both the rest
This thief is not bad at craftsmanship
There are some perks to having him live in
how
It's okay, I was just thinking
You don't look like the kind of easy to count
Why was the man drugged that day?